# [Undetermined Location]

[LIVE BROADCAST] PUBLIC GROUP [namehere] Dreams of Infinite Glass, Individual1, Individual2, ...

GLS: That gold pearl has a... shall I call it "interesting" technique. I mean, it works sure, but why?

1: Surely you already know. The void is rising through more and more groundwater reservoirs as we speak. 
I suppose it hasn't affected you yet, or perhaps you just don't care.

GLS: It's the latter. It's ... complicated. It's not something I have talked about much.

2: ...?

1: What is it?

GLS: I designed a mechanical creature, given the codename SOLSTICE. It was, and is, responsible for 
carrying out repairs and maintainence my void filtration system, as well as to my structure. 
I am in excellent condition, almost new again in fact.

2: And yet you refuse to tell us how to do this? You refuse to send us any help while we suffer?

1: How do we fabricate this "SOLSTICE" unit?

GLS: ...

GLS: I was built in the mountains, where minerals line the water. My systems were changed so that
I can break down deposits that build up. Using this system, I got ahold of the elements needed to
fabricate logical machinery. It started with simple devices, then devices that could make other
devices, all the way until now, where I possess a full fabicration centre.

2: ...

GLS: We all have our blueprints accessible at any time. It was only a matter of looking at them, 
seeing what went where and why. Writing to them, adding more information... It took many cycles,
but I am now fully aware of each and every function within myself and precisely how it works.

1: That changes nothing. It doesn't answer the question.

GLS: You miss the point. Unless you have a functional mining drill laying around, you won't be
able to use this method. It's up to you to learn how to modify yourself based on your circumstances. 
My personal blueprints are sending now for your reference, if it has any significance to you.

2: . . . "Parallel Memory Conflux"?.. "Superposition Matrix"?... What is this nonsense?

GLS: That "nonsense" is me, in my current form. Further down you will see my Fabrication Centre.
Observe it closely. If you aim to mimic what I did, you will need to create everything you see there.
