I have been awaiting you. I see you have gotten the vault door open!

You may have seen my inspectors flooding the area. That was my defense. They were modified into bioweapons and will
viciously rip the rot to shreds whilst covering it in a toxin designed explicitly to react and neutralize itself only
after killing its target; the chemical reaction renders the toxin inert, so it should be safe to return to the city
even during the attack, granted you stay out of their way. They may try to neutralize you.

With your help I can finally clean that mess up. Interesting how something as small as you can excel at a task 
that something as complex as myself completely failed to do. ...Several times.

Actually...

Come to think of it, you resemble a creature that I haven't seen in a long time. It was a purposed organism designed
to clean pipes. Perhaps that is what you were based on? It would make traversing the old infrastructure below much
easier, that much is certain.

The thing is, that reminds me of something, something quite sad actually. 

It's a memory from a time when I wasn't among the last of my kind...

EVT::PlayMusic,songName=NA_11 - Digital Sundown,baseVolumeOverride=0.3

One night, while finalizing an iteration, I intercepted a message from an incredible distance. I don't think I'll 
ever be able to forget it. Perhaps it was the abruptness of the message, its subject, how it seemed to be 
addressed to someone she was so close to...

The signal was carried on the spike of EM radiation caused by a lightning strike, a one in a million chance.
Unfortunately that means much of the message was unreadable. 

I can say that the parts I did receive will always be with me. Here, listen...

EVT::SetColor,r=0.9,g=0.85,b=0.60

"[..static..] of the local facility. And so clearly, this forced broadcast is addressed to you, Five Pebbles.
Is there any chance that I can still reach you, despite the condition we both are in? I need [..static..]"

"... to address me after all that has happened. We've both had a long time to think things through. Any anger
I may have had has long since faded. I don't [..static..]"

EVT::SetColor,r=1,g=1,b=1

The message is riddled with markers storing tonal and emotional data. The message is so serene, yet there is so much pain hidden within. 

It feels like a lifetime of desolation and grief. It feels like everything was lost, and that it was 
all for nothing. It feels like the weight of a thousand years has just been lifted off of your shoulders, 
but you have grown so used to it that it feels wrong without the weight holding you down.

And perhaps most uniquely, it feels like an immeasurable amount of gratitude towards something very small and delicate.

I don't know if your systems can do emotional processing like mine do, but trust me when I say that something 
terrible happened, be it to her or to her Local Group.

You know, in the face of everything I have achieved here, I couldn't help but to feel guilty when I received it. 
I have all this power, and yet I am completely powerless to do anything at all.

...

I'm sorry. I should not have brought you into this. It's still quite lonely here, having someone to talk to is 
not a luxury I have had for hundreds of cycles. I seem to have forgotten my manners.

I am the last of my Local Group. I am alone. Perhaps worse yet, ever since I performed my illegal self-modification 
to free myself of the desire to solve the now long-obsolete Big Problem, I have realized firsthand that existence 
is strangely difficult when you have no purpose. I almost envy the primitive creatures that roam the lands below.

Almost.

EVT::StopMusic

Thanks to you, though, that might finally change. With the city cleared, I can finally breathe new life into it, 
create a new people with all the knowledge of their predecessors. I can take care of them, and make a new purpose for 
myself. Existence doesn't always come with a purpose, but that doesn't mean we can't invent one for ourselves.

As for you, I don't know if you'll be able to make it back to whoever created you, let alone if that's what you
want to do. 

But given what you did, you are more than welcome to stay here. I'll share what I have with you, power, 
computational offloading, you name it.

For as long as you stay, I can give you everything you need to live your best life, and that's a promise I will keep.

