There you are! I was wondering when you would find your way here.

So you are indeed artifical. The images the overseers sent gave me suspicion, but now I can see that fact firsthand.
My, what an elegant design... You look far more advanced than anything my parents built in my time.

I spent a long time trying to get you to come in here. You are my hope for achieving something incredibly 
important to me. I know it's not very polite of me to pull you in here and immediately request your help, but...
I'm looking to revisit my secondary purpose. I want to breathe new life into this world.

There is a problem, though...

EVT::PlayMusic,songName=RW_40 - Floes,baseVolumeOverride=0.175

I made a mistake when I was modifying myself. I don't know if you know what The Rot is, but let's just say my 
technique of modification might have ... amped it up a bit. A lot, actually.

I was able to clear it out of my systems thanks to my manually upgraded lymphatic system containing many unique 
and powerful types of immune cells. The issue is that this was not completely effective; what little Rot remained
was forced out and adapted to live outside of my reach.

When you push life into a corner, it evolves. In this case, The Rot has become what I am calling "The Infestation". 
It is extremely resilient and can live in direct exposure to the elements without a problem.

It doesn't help that there is a very conveniently abandoned city on top of my structure with plenty of nooks
and cracks to root into. While all of my functional parts are in pristine condition and The Infestation
unable to infiltrate, I can't exactly push my immune system onto the roof and finish it off for good.

To make matters worse, it seems to flourish in the sunlight. The city being above the cloudline is admittedly
convenient for me too, though, because that means it's not trying to fight for space within my structure.

Still, it can - and has - assimilated unsuspecting creatures into its ranks. Worse yet, these infected creatures
appear to be networked and able to communicate. This fact is made significantly more dangerous by the fact that 
some of my overseers have been stolen from me and are being used to locate threats or food so they can be killed.

The result of this adaptation is an *extremely* lethal collective hivemind that cares for nothing but its own
preservation and growth. Until that infestation is cleared out, I cannot continue my work.

Perhaps you can help. Where pure organics have failed, perhaps machines will prevail. For the time being though, 
I will not allow you into the city. I am not aware of your capabilities, and we can both benefit from this.

Your termination would not only be negative for you, but also for me as well. Still, you can leave if you 
decide you would rather do your own thing, but there's not much below in the first place...

Should you choose to accept, I will grant you access to my Legacy Systems Bus. You should be able to find an
access point, from there we can work out a handshake and interface with each other.

You'll be allowed into my systems where you can directly use my vast computational power to simulate high risk 
combat scenarios at no additional threat to you. 

Once you have done that, I'll capture the data from your successful iterations, and then using that I should 
be able to train some of my own drones and purposed lifeforms to be better suited to attacking The Infestation's 
assimilated life. I will also allow you access to the city at that point, given that you will have proven
your capabilities to me.

EVT::StopMusic

For the time being, you are free to do as you please. Whenever you are ready, head to the Legacy Systems Bus.
You can get there from a previously closed access hatch just outside of my chamber.

